Coping with overcrowded prisons
Accusations of Cheating by Contractors on U.S. Defense Projects
Insurance Coverage which pays for Long Term Care
Oil Spills
Right Wing Christian Fundamentalism in U.S.
Efforts to enact Gun Control Legislation
Causes and treatments of multiple sclerosis MS
Term limitations for members of the U.S. Congress
Electric Car Development
Vitamins The Cure for or Cause of Human Ailments
Acid Rain
Automobile Recalls
Vietnam Veterans and Agent Orange
Generic Drugs Illegal Activities by Manufacturers
Tobacco company advertising and the young
Standardized testing and cultural bias
Topic: Regulation of the showing of violence and explicit sex in motion picture theaters, on television, and on video  cassettes.
Financing AMTRAK
Cost of Garbage/Trash Removal
The Consequences of Implantation of Silicone Gel  Breast Devices
Use of Mutual Funds in an Individual's     Retirement Strategy
The Effectiveness of Medical Products and Related Programs Utilized in the Cessation of Smoking.
Smoking Bans
Hazardous Waste Cleanup
NRA Prevention of Gun Control Legislation
Real ife private investigators
English as the Official Language in U.S.
Dog Maulings
U. S. Restaurants in Foreign Lands
Ineffectiveness of U.S. Embargoes/Sanctions
Abuse of the Elderly by Family Members, and Medical and Nonmedical Personnel, and Initiatives Being Taken to Minimize This  Mistreatment
Commercial Overfishing Creates Food Fish Deficit
Asbestos Related Lawsuits
Corporate Pension Plans/Funds
Reform of the U.S. Welfare System
Topic:  Difference of Learning Levels Among Inner City and More Suburban School Students
Signs of the Demise of Independent Publishing
Beachfront Erosion
Real Motives for Murder
Instances of Fraud Involving the Use of a Computer
Efforts to Improve U.S. Schooling
Oil Spill Cleanup
Toys R Dangerous
The Amount of Money Earned by Writers
Stock Market Perturbations Attributable to Computer Initiated Trading
School Choice Voucher System and its effects upon the entire U.S. educational program
Reform of the jurisprudence system to stop juries from granting unreasonable monetary awards
Gene Therapy and Its Benefits to  Humankind
Legality of Medically Assisted Suicides
Impact of foreign textile imports on U.S. textile industry
